[MRG] release info updates (#668)
jupyter/repo2docker: docs/source/contributing/tasks.md

[Travis CI](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/blob/master/.travis.yml#L52)).

To create a new release, follow these steps:

### Confirm that the changelog is ready

[The changelog](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/blob/master/docs/source/changelog.rst)
should reflect all significant enhancements and fixes to repo2docker and
its documentation. In addition, ensure that the correct version is displayed
at the top, and create a new `dev` section if needed.

### Create a new tag and push it

First, tag a new release locally:

```bash
V=0.7.0; git tag -am "release $V" $V
```

Then push this change up to the master repository

```
git push origin --tags
```

Travis should automatically run the tests and, if they pass, create a
new release on the [repo2docker PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/jupyter-repo2docker/).
Once this has completed, make sure that the new version has been updated.

### Create a new release on the GitHub repository

Once the new release has been pushed to PyPI, we need to create a new
release on the [GitHub repository releases page](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/releases). Once on that page, follow these steps:

* Click "Draft a new release"

> * Choose a tag version following tag you just created above

Reviewer: Garbled sentence?

> * Choose a tag version following tag you just created above

Author: ```suggestion
* Choose a tag version using the same tag you just created above
```
